feat(backups): restore health check (#6148)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “Nice enhancement, I'm eager to test it”

> - [Backup] Add the ability to restore and boot a VM backup to ensure it is production ready [#6148](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6148)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backup] Add *Restore Health Check*: ensure a backup is viable by doing an automatic test restore (requires guest tools in the VM) [#6148](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6148)
```

>
> In case of conflict, the highest (lowest in previous list) `$version` wins.

> - xo-web minor

Reviewer: Put applications at the end to ensure their dependencies are released before them.
